DOCSUP-2018-formatDateTime_description_update: added two modificators into the table of supported modificators (#15614)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/sql-reference/functions/date-time-functions.md

For example, `timeSlots(toDateTime('2012-01-01 12:20:00'), 600) = [toDateTime('2012-01-01 12:00:00'), toDateTime('2012-01-01 12:30:00')]`.
This is necessary for searching for pageviews in the corresponding session.

## formatDateTime {#formatdatetime}

Function formats a Time according given Format string. N.B.: Format is a constant expression, e.g. you can not have multiple formats for single result column.

**Syntax**

``` sql
formatDateTime(Time, Format\[, Timezone\])
```

**Returned value(s)**

Returnes time and date values according to the determined format.

**Replacement fields**

> These replacement fields or placeholders define pattern for the result-string. “Example” column shows formatting result for time `2018-01-02 22:33:44`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using replacement fields, you can define a pattern for the resulting string. “Example” column shows formatting result for `2018-01-02 22:33:44`.
```

| Placeholder | Description                                             | Example    |
|----------|---------------------------------------------------------|------------|
| %C       | year divided by 100 and truncated to integer (00-99)    | 20         |
| %d       | day of the month, zero-padded (01-31)                   | 02         |
| %D       | Short MM/DD/YY date, equivalent to %m/%d/%y             | 01/02/18   |
| %e       | day of the month, space-padded ( 1-31)                  | 2          |
| %F       | short YYYY-MM-DD date, equivalent to %Y-%m-%d           | 2018-01-02 |

> | %G       | four-digit year format for ISO week number, calculated from the week-based year defined by the ISO 8601 standard, normally useful only with %V  | 2018         |

Reviewer: Let's place the https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601#Week_dates link in this description. It can help users to quicker understand the difference between week numbering year and ordinary calendar year.

| %D       | Short MM/DD/YY date, equivalent to %m/%d/%y             | 01/02/18   |
| %e       | day of the month, space-padded ( 1-31)                  | 2          |
| %F       | short YYYY-MM-DD date, equivalent to %Y-%m-%d           | 2018-01-02 |

> | %g       | two-digit year format, aligned to ISO 8601              | 18         |

Reviewer 2: Please clarify `aligned to ISO 8601`.

Author: Need information about the difference between "usual" year modificators and these new ones.

| %D       | Short MM/DD/YY date, equivalent to %m/%d/%y             | 01/02/18   |
| %e       | day of the month, space-padded ( 1-31)                  | 2          |
| %F       | short YYYY-MM-DD date, equivalent to %Y-%m-%d           | 2018-01-02 |

> | %G       | four-digit year format, aligned to ISO 8601: where year comes firstly as the largest unit (descending notation) | 18         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| %G       | four-digit year format, aligned to ISO 8601: where year comes firstly as the largest unit (descending notation) | 2018         |
```

| %Y       | Year                                                    | 2018       |
| %%       | a % sign                                                | %          |

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Example**
```
